Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[CLOCK TICKS]
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACH]
[FINN. VO]
...to my family.
To my beautiful family!
[FINN CHUCKLES]
We fucking did it. boyo!
Oh. my beautiful boys.
- [REGGAE MUSIC PLAYS]
[WHISKEY CORK POPS]
- Sean...
Come in here. Sean. ya bollocks.
You see that? Eh?
Alex came good.
Ten billion dirty yen vanished.
Poof!
Into cement and glass.
That's what success looks like
for us now.
[HE CHUCKLES]
Invisible.
[HE LAUGHS]
And you.
What?
- You said we couldn't do it.
[ED SNORTS]
- Come on!
Yeah. yeah.
Denied your own son!
[ED LAUGHS]
OK. so you proved me wrong.
Well... J...
Thanks. Finn.
[ALEX LAUGHS]
For everything. you know.
For believing in me.
The geeks shall
inherit the Earth.
[THEY LAUGH]
You keep bringing me the numbers
I'll keep turning them
into stone.
You do your job well. son.
What are you gonna do
when I'm not here?
[FINN GRUNTS]
- What do you mean?
[FINN]
When I die. Sean.
[HE SCOFFS]
Alex has taken us
to a new level.
You have to deliver.
I will.
You're a Wallace.
A Wallace!
Everything hangs upon our name.
You understand?
Yeah.
- Yeah.
Don't fucking "yeah" me!
Do you understand?
Yes. Dad.
- Yes. Yes. Finn.
[FINN]
Huh. Well...
Good. Good.
Because when you're on top
there's always someone looking
to take you down.
Who's gonna touch us. eh?
[ED LAUGHS]
That's my boy.
[THEY CHUCKLE]
Ah. Billy!
What's the celebration?
Happy families?
[ED] Billy!
- [FINN] It's about families.
Cheers!
- Cheers.
[ALL]
Cheers!
[FINN HUMS TO MUSIC]
Guess what I'm gonna play next?
You see. Seany boy.
we're all family...
[FINN. VO]
That's what keeps us strong.
[FINN'S LAUGHTER ECHOES]
Always keep your family close
and everything
will work out fine.
[CLOCK TICKS]
[TICKING CLOCK GETS LOUDER]
[MOTORBIKE ENGINES REV]
[TYRES SCREECH]
[PEOPLE YELL]
[MAN]
Jesus!
[BIKER 1]
Get the fuck out!
[BIKER 2]
[BIKER 3]
I said. fuck off!
[BIKER 1] Get the fuck out!
- [ALARM WAILS]
[BIKER 2]
Get the fuck back. move!
[BIKER 1]
Get the fuck out! Now move!
Get the fuck out!
Out!
- [BIKER 2] Fuck off!
[BIKER 3]
Move. move!
[BIKER 4]
Fuck.
[BIKE ENGINE ROARS]
[BIKER 1]
That's it.
Move!
[DISTANT SIRENS WAIL]
[HE INHALES]
Let me give you
a little topping up...
Ahh. that was intense!
You lot are jokers. man.
- Grab an umbrella. Anthony.
You're gonna need it. yeah.
[ANTHONY]
Hey. stop fucking around. man.
[HE SNIFFS]
Thank you. Jesus!
Shut the blasted door!
[BOY]
This place stinks. man.
Raheem. tell your uncle
to clean this place up!
[RAHEEM]
Oi. shut up. man!
Uncle!
- Don't "Uncle" me.
Who's he?
That's Tony.
Helped us out on a job.
[UNCLE] What job?
I didn't give you any job.
The Royal Arcade.
We hit it this morning. innit.
That place is
Wallace protected. man!
Uncle. calm down. man.
Their boss is done.
No one's watching.
- Sean Wallace...
got eyes everywhere.
And just for the record...
he is a fucking psychopath.
Just tell us if you can
shift it or not?
You know he shot up
the Traveller site.
Murdered more than
20 Gypsies
just to send a message.
Sean Wallace?
Raheem. what the fuck
are we gonna do. man?
We need to fix this.
You get this out of my house
right now!
N-O-fucking-W. Now!
[HE INHALES]
What happened last night?
I told you I was gonna
take care of Lale.
I had a plan.
- Which you failed to share
with me.
I cannot be on the back foot
here. Sean.
We have enough enemies as it is.
Then trust me.
If you and Elliot hadn't
intervened
we wouldn't be wiping
Cole's brains off the floor.
This is not how your father
and I worked.
We communicated.
One of our jewellery shops
was robbed this morning.
We're losing respect.
people are watching us.
Here.
This is where we must be strong.
What was Elliot doing there
last night?
I didn't send him.
I don't know.
I didn't order him either.
But I do want to find out
exactly who or what he is.
Look. I want us
to be strong again.
Bring Alex to the house tonight.
We'll have dinner.
The whole family.
Thanks. son.
[AUTOMATED VOICE]
Doors closing.
[ELLIOT]
Morning. sunshine.
Jeez!
Come on.
Knee popped again.
Really?
[CHARLIE]
How's work?
Yeah. fine.
It's busy.
Sorry I haven't been
around much lately.
Got Sally to take me
to the cemetery yesterday.
Ah.
Yeah. Well...
Tell her...
thank you...
from me.
Come here.
What kind of trouble you in?
Is this work now?
No. Dad. really...
it's fine.
If you knew what I was doing.
you'd be proud of me.
Elliot...
I am proud of you.
[ED]
They were an Albanian family.
The whole bloodline.
wiped out in Albania.
Which one did Finn want dead?
Probably not
the 12-year-old.
This isn't Finn.
Luan brought you this?
Finn gave him a free pass
on some washing to do the hit.
Half a billion pounds' worth.
That much money. I'd have
seen it in the books.
They must have bypassed you.
He bypassed us both.
- Look. Luan's lying.
This? This isn't how
Finn operated.
Tell him to go--
- A fortnight ago. yes.
But something got Finn
shot in the head.
I'll look for the money
then we pass judgment.
Let me talk to Sean.
- No. not yet.
What do you mean. "not yet"?
- Because I need to think
and I cannot do that
with Sean using psychopaths
like Cole. It's chaos.
Sean walked into chaos.
How can he take over
and act like everything's fine?
I just wish the boy
would listen to me.
Finn brought order to this city
and Sean's destroying that.
Believe me. Alex.
they tie one body to us
and it's not just us exposed.
it's everybody.
You know Sean loves you.
That's what this whole dinner
tonight's about.
Yeah. I know.
And I wouldn't be honouring
Finn's memory
if I didn't at least try to keep
his son in check.
Jevan's invited us to meet some
friends of Finn's tonight.
Friends?
- Mm.
What about Sean?
[ALEX] We'll be back in time
for his dinner.
[LALE IN KURDISH]
[SEAN]
You think you can fill it?
Open the docks...
no problem.
Good.
We're going to make
a lot of money together.
Why?
Why do you want
to go into business with me?
I've seen what you're willing
to sacrifice.
You know what they say
about my enemy's enemy?
[MAN IN URDU]
So this is about Asif?
The entire old order.
I work with who I can trust now.
If people get angry. so be it.
Your boyfriend doesn't like me.
My people...
they die for me.
and if I tell them
they die for you too
whatever Asif throws at us.
It won't come to that.
Nasir's in the public eye.
His father won't risk
the attention.
And Luan?
Have you looked him in the eye?
Not yet.
[CROWD CHANTS]
Tax haven. housing hell!
[NASIR] The trickle-down effect
has been a lie
and I am here to tackle that
deceit... from the inside.
Pause. Let it land.
Every empty home chips away
at our city's soul.
[PHONE BUZZES]
[IN URDU]
[CAR THUDS]
[NASIR] This city is more
than just a destination.
London is a home.
The time has come to end
the exploitation
of our capital
by rich. foreign investors.
And to those developers
with towers that lay empty
facilitating the criminalisatio of London property
I am here to tell you.
the ride is over.
My office is coming for you.
Alright. sis?
Hi.
Wait. Norovirus on the ward.
I don't get sick.
You know it's my superpower.
[SHE CHUCKLES]
You get my message
about tonight?
Yeah. I assumed it was a joke.
Sunday roast at Mum's house.
It's Wednesday.
- Wednesday roast then.
Who gives a shit? Family dinner.
The Wallaces and the Dumanis.
Ooh. No. thank you.
You can't sacrifice two hours
of your night for me?
For you and Billy. yes.
Not her.
No Mum. no me.
I don't negotiate with
blackmailers.
What about the bump?
You gonna deny it the chance
to meet Uncle Seany?
Learn the ways of the world?
Look. I'm working. Sean.
You're a tonic. Jacq.
I need you there.
[SHE SIGHS]
Fine.
Just to be clear.
this baby will not be learning
the ways of the world
from his Uncle Seany.
What have we got?
[NURSE] We've got
low blood pressure
and he's been fitting for...
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
[FOOTSTEPS INSIDE]
Hey.
- What you doing here?
Uh. I just wanted to talk.
About the other night.
Yeah. when nothing happened.
- Yeah. I know. but...
I've got to go to work. Elliot.
It's two years.
It's two years since my wife
and child died.
Her name was...
Naomi.
And his was Samuel.
They...
There was a car accident.
And...
- It's alright.
You don't have to.
I want to.
- I know. but you...
you can't.
I lost my mum.
It takes more than just
the passing of time
to put yourself back together.
But they keep going. you know?
Those relationships. It's...
It's almost like you get
a second chance in a way.
So what do you want to talk
about then?
I dunno. um...
Happy things.
- Happy things. OK.
What about...
balloons?
Balloons?
Balloons and sunsets.
Ooh. sunsets. very cliché.
What about Paris?
Prefer Rome.
- Uh-uh. Too many churches.
I like your eyes.
Do you think this is
a good idea?
No.
You?
[DOOR OPENS]
Um...
[DANNY]
Mum? I...
I missed the minibus.
- Oh.
Hi. Elliot.
- Hey. bud.
How you doing?
- Can you walk me?
Danny!
It's alright.
Yeah. I'll take him.
[ELLIOT] So. why didn't you
wanna go to school today?
[DANNY]
There's football trials today.
That's great. isn't it?
Uh. no.
Why not?
- I'm shit at it.
Is there anyone in your class
that's not as good as you?
Mr Jenkins says Lewis is
"effing" useless.
Right.
- Only he didn't say "effing".
Right. OK. I've got it.
Every time Lewis gets the ball.
you snatch it off him
make him look
like an absolute mug.
You take it off him
and take him out
every chance you get. Got it?
[DANNY]
Got it.
If I get into the team...
will you come and watch us?
Well. let's ask your mum first.
see what she says. Alright?
Alright. Elliot.
Have a good day.
[TEACHER]
Come on. Danny. hurry up!
[BOY]
Bye. Dad!
Love you!
- [PHONE BUZZES]
He had his problems
with authority but...
He's a good lad. Good soldier.
Dad? Hope you're not
boring Sally
with war stories again. are you?
[ED CHUCKLES]
Hello. Elliot. How are you?
Good to see you've recovered.
[FOOTSTEPS UPSTAIRS]
I didn't know
you were coming over.
Well. it turns out we have
friends in common.
Your father used to work
for the Williams brothers.
Me and Elliot
moved around a lot.
That's right.
As you said. Charlie.
And you don't share
the same surname
because Elliot here is a bastard
and he took his mum's instead.
Is that right?
Yeah.
You know. I had the...
pleasure and privilege of seeing
your father in the ring.
He had quite a punch on him.
A good one.
But he was better at losing
though.
[HE CHUCKLES]
Anyway.
Thanks for the conversation.
Charlie.
If you'll excuse us. I just need
to have a word with your son.
Stay here.
I don't kill kids.
I took Cole to that flat.
if anything had happened
to them. it would've been on me.
No one asked you to take matters
into your own hands.
You do as you're told.
- Sean told me--
Sean nothing.
You're my concern now.
There's a jewellers
we look after
some crew were stupid enough
to knock it over.
Mark will take you
where you need to go
and tell you
what you need to do.
We don't want your conscience.
Elliot.
We need to know you're on side
and I'm not convinced you are.
You do what Mark says.
to whomever he says to do it.
You understand?
And I will pay your father
another visit
if I don't like what he has
to report back.
Let's go.
Let's see what you're made of.
shall we?
Lads tend to go one way
or the other
after a tour of Afghan.
Buck the system
or go further in.
[ENGINE STARTS]
[MUSIC: "Nocturne Op.9. No.2"
by Chopin]
[PHONE BUZZES]
[FINN CHUCKLES]
[KEYS TAP]
[KEYS THUD]
[LOUD DISTORTION]
[INDISTINCT CHATTER
AND LAUGHTER]
[WOMAN LAUGHS]
MAITRE'D:
Mrs Wallace.
So lovely to see you here again.
It's been some time.
Tell me about Floriana.
I... I don't recall a--
My dead husband's mistress.
She was...
quiet.
In her twenties.
Eastern European. I think.
Pot of tea. please.
Hey.
Good thing I like a challenge.
These are his movements
since Finn died.
He's been a very busy boy.
[SHE SOBS]
I miss him too.
That's the yacht he bought
for his mistress.
Even named it after her.
She must have been
pretty special!
Stop it.
- Sean. listen--
No. no. no. Mum.
Not tonight.
Sean--
- No. Mum!
Pick out a nice dress.
- [SHE SCOFFS]
We're going to have some fun
this evening.
We're celebrating.
Who we are. what we have.
I know how I've been running
things isn't exactly
how Uncle Ed would want
but if I involve him more...
maybe he can see it
through my eyes.
It's OK.
We just need to keep
the family close
and everything will
work out fine. Mum.
[HE INHALES]
[HE SIGHS]
Barkley.
Still doping these pigeons?
"Performance enhancing".
Very fine margins in racing
these days.
Which one of your crews did it?
Did what?
- Jewellers. Royal Arcade.
Nothing to do with me. I swear.
nothing to do with me.
Elliot. Fuck him up.
- [BARKLEY COUGHS]
You gonna hurt me?
Let me tell you something. son.
They ain't got no new pain
you could inflict on this body.
[HE COUGHS]
Whoa. what are you doing?
Wait. man. hold on!
Fuck me!
What the fuck?
A heads-up next time?
Now. You were asked a question.
Fuck you.
Sure.
[BARKLEY]
Wait. man. wait. wait.
Heads up. Kev!
Wait! Wait! Hold on. Wait.
Wait.
[MARK]
Argh. these fucking pigeons!
Take us to your nephew if you
wanna fucking breathe again.
[MUSIC: "Big River"
by Johnny Cash]
Not here.
No one sits here tonight.
Of course. Mr Wallace.
I shouldn't have said anything.
- No. no. It doesn't matter.
You look great.
[DOORBELL RINGS]
Wine?
Lovely. Red. please.
Shazza! Danny boy! Whoa!
Hey!
- Granny Marian!
Oooh!
Marian. how are you?
Yes. darling. Never better.
Good. I'm gonna
put this over there.
There you go. Mum.
[MARIAN] Ta.
- [SEAN] Hello.
[SHANNON] Hello.
- Nice to see you.
Nice to see you too.
Uh. yeah. so. Dad and Alex said
they're gonna be a little late
they've got some event
but they didn't say what.
Really? Where?
- [DOORBELL RINGS]
[SHANNON] Dunno but they
told me to tell you
to lay off their Yorkshire puds.
We're having Italian.
Ooh. so pizza then?
- You want wine?
Yes. please.
- [JACQUELINE] Billy!
[BILLY]
Hey. come through.
[DOOR CLOSES]
There you are.
- Thank you.
Hello.
- Hi.
Mwah...
Oh. Dad would've loved this.
[DOORBELL RINGS]
[IN ALBANIAN]
[MUSIC: "Rendez-vous"
by Enca]
[LUAN IN ALBANIAN]
[NANA]
OK. let's drink! Let's drink...
Cheers.
[STRING QUARTET PLAYS]
[JEVAN]
Alexander.
Ed. Very. very glad
you could make it.
[ALEX]
Hello. Jevan.
Jevan.
After you.
Let me introduce you to Natalie.
Mr Dumani.
I enjoyed
your interview in the FT.
There are lots of people here
excited to meet you.
Great. Uh. thanks. Natalie.
Thank you.
Walk with me.
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
Cheers.
Ed. Come.
Let me show you the grounds.
Who are these people?
Well. these are
your new friends. Ed.
They're representatives
of some of the wealthiest
and most powerful people
on Earth.
And they're all here
to meet your son.
The thing is. as long as
their money can't be traced
they're untouchable.
And of course London
is where they come
to make their sins disappear.
[ED]
A multitude. I don't doubt.
Alex had found a way of doing it
with incredible returns.
Well...
Sean is in charge now.
- We've noticed.
But it's your son who needs
to finish
what he started with Finn.
There's people relying on him.
Ed.
Many people.
[VICKY]
Floriana.
[PHONE BUZZES]
[BOXCUTTER CLICKS]
[PHONE DIALS]
[VOICEMAIL] Please leave
a message after the tone.
[VOICEMAIL BEEPS]
[VICKY ON PHONE]
Elliot.
Floriana was last seen
getting into a taxi
the day Finn Wallace was shot.
We need to know
who it's licensed to
and find out who the driver is.
Here's your food.
[CHAINS JINGLE]
Floriana.
[FLORIANA]
I don't want any.
You have to eat.
For the baby.
I need a fork.
[WOMAN UPSTAIRS] Leif!
Your dinner's getting cold.
Leif!
- [LEIF] Coming. Mother.
[DOOR SHUTS]
[CHAIN CLANKS]
[MAN] Yeah. yeah. I understand
that. I understand that
all I'm saying is just...
just have a look.
No one's touching it.
- Fuck!
Call your Manchester guy.
Word's spread. He said "no".
Look. we drop the price.
We fucking dump it.
You what?
I have kids.
[MUSIC: "So Litt" by Clav &
Dumi Maraire & Harlin James]
[MAN] She's right. let's just
get the fuck out of here.
[DISTANT CREAK]
[MUSIC STOPS]
Uncle.
[DISTANT CREAK]
Tell me some good news.
Raheem...
[GUNFIRE]
No one move! Uh. uh. uh.
[WALKER CREAKS]
[MARK]
Back off. Way off.
You must be Barkley's
idiot nephew.
Right. Line up.
[ANTHONY]
Look. we're really sorry.
It's all there. just take it.
Drop to your knees.
Now!
Right. Elliot.
Remember what Ed said.
You do as I say when I say it.
Is there a problem?
No.
[MARK] Good. cos it's you
and your dad on the line.
So get ready. champ.
Let's see if you're any better
than your old man.
[MAN] Wait. wait. wait...
- [GROUP PLEADS]
Arms by your side. Good lad.
You're the fucking
punch bag now.
Ding. ding. Round one.
Leave him alone!
Just take the jewellery!
Fuck me. Put some weight
behind it. would ya?
[MAN GRUNTS]
- [ELLIOT WHISPERS] Go down.
Go down.
- [MAN] Fuck.
[MARK]
Ooh. there we go.
There he is. look!
Right. let's do this properly.
shall we?
[TOOLS CLANK]
[RAHEEM RASPS]
[RAHEEM]
What you doing?
Get off me. man!
Please. Get off!
Stop!
Knee.
- Stop!
Don't... Don't. don't...
[MARK] Would you rather go
for another cup of tea
with your old man?
[RAHEEM]
Please!
Get off!
Please. please. please. no...
I beg you.
I'm begging you. please--
Think of your dad. Elliot.
[RAHEEM]
Stop!
Please. please. please.
No. no. no!
[SHE WHIMPERS]
Do it. Do it.
C'mon. c'mon.
- [RAHEEM] No. Please...
[RAHEEM SCREAMS]
[RAHEEM WAILS]
[THEY SOB]
Two rounds to go.
[RAHEEM COUGHS]
[RAHEEM SPLUTTERS]
I. uh...
I don't think we should tell
Sean about tonight.
Agreed.
[SEAN]
You lost your appetite?
Too much wine.
They do say
half a glass doesn't hurt.
It's for Shannon.
But thanks
for the motherly advice.
You know you don't have to do
this alone. Jacqueline.
I would love to help.
I'm not alone.
I have friends and support.
My child might just have
a chance at not turning out
a heroin addict or a thug.
You really do blame me
for everything. don't you?
You were there.
[SEAN]
Cheers.
Bill.
Your father taught them
how to survive in this life.
God. that was a choice...
Is this honestly what you wanted
for your sons?
This is who we are.
Not me.
Yes. you.
You are who you are...
because I shielded you
from your father.
I made a promise with myself.
To bring up a daughter
so good...
that she would turn her back
on her own family.
I just never thought
it would hurt so much.
Thank you.
[PHONE BUZZES]
Luan. It's about time we spoke.
[LUAN]
Sean. Listen carefully.
It appears Ed has not
spoken to you
about the deal I made
with your father.
Come to my office
and we can discuss.
Grahams.
Call everyone in.
Can I offer you a drink?
- No. Just...
Get out... Get out my way.
[PHONE BEEPS]
[MAN] We've learnt our lesson.
please just leave her alone.
[MARK]
Ding. ding. Round three.
[SHE SOBS] No. no. no.
- Actually...
let's take the hammer away.
yeah?
[WOMAN] Please. please...
- [HE SIGHS]
Break her arm.
[WOMAN] Please. please...
Don't. Don't do this...
[MARK]
It's hers or your dad's. Elliot.
Yeah.
Get the fuck away from her!
Break my arm! Go on. break mine!
Break mine! Go on!
Break it!
Come on.
- [MARK] His first.
Hers second.
No.
I won't do it.
Call in from the boss.
we gotta go.
Right now!
Mark! He sounded pissed off.
Follow me.
I fucking knew it the moment
I laid eyes on you.
[KEV]
Mark. what the fuck?
There's more than just
a fucking squaddie in there.
You're a fucking cop.
aren't you?
What the fuck
are you talking about?
Move. Let's see
what Sean makes of you.
[KEV]
Hands out.
[ENGINE STARTS]
[IN ALBANIAN]
[CAR APPROACHES]
[DISTANT SIRENS WAIL]
[MARK]
Sit tight. dickhead.
[KEV]
What about the old man?
Fuck him.
[BARKLEY RASPS]
What took you so long?
Elliot. He's--
Thank you for coming. Sean.
Don't thank me yet.
You may regret the invite.
[ELLIOT GRUNTS]
[SEAN] You pulled me away
from my family dinner.
So tell me.
What did you do for my father?
Your father had me kill
a lot of people.
And now you owe me
a lot of money.
[HE CHUCKLES]
Finn had a plan.
He...
Sean...
Sean. get down!
- Get back!
[GUNSHOT]
[MUFFLED SHOUTS]
[INDISTINCT SHOUTS]
[KEV]
Sean. get down!
[GUNSHOTS]
[GUNSHOT]
[HE GRUNTS]
[LUAN]
I saw him!
[GUNSHOT]
- [MAN GRUNTS]
[LUAN]
Sean. get down!
[GUNSHOTS]
- Sean. stay down!
[GUNSHOT]
Stay down!
[GUN RELOADS]
[GUNSHOT]
Oh. fuck. fuck. fuck!
You're alright. It's not yours.
[ELLIOT GROANS]
[GUNSHOTS]
[GUNSHOT]
[LUAN]
That way! That way!
Go! Go now. go!
[LUAN SHOUTS IN ALBANIAN]
[GUNFIRE]
Come on. let's go.
[ELLIOT YELLS]
Come on! Come on!
[ANTHONY]
Get him up!
[SEAN]
Who the fuck are you?
[DISTANT GUNFIRE]
Let's get to that car!
[GUNSHOT]
[EXPLOSION]
Go!
[GUNSHOTS]
[SEAN]
Fucking drive!
Come on. it's OK.
[IN DANISH]
Do a left up here!
Yeah. yeah. yeah! Come on.
that's it. stay with us.
Stay with us. Just straight down
under the bridge.
Come on. that's it.
That's it. stay with us.
Come on. faster!
Do a right. after the shop!
Elliot. Elliot. come on.
wake up.
Stay with me.
Hurry up!
Is it a boy baby or a girl one?
It's a girl.
- [SHANNON CHUCKLES]
[ELLIOT GROANS]
- [SEAN] Stay with me!
[BANGING ON DOOR]
- [SEAN] Stay with us!
[ELLIOT YELLS]
[SEAN]
Clear the table!
Jesus. Sean. for God's sake!
Oh. my God!
- Danny!
Sean. what the hell
has happened to you?
Oh. my God! Sean!
It's OK. Mum. It's not my blood!
[ELLIOT GROANS]
- It's OK. Elliot.
Help. help!
[MARIAN]
Jesus...
What happened?
[ELLIOT WAILS]
[SEAN] Just get outside.
man the front door.
[ELLIOT GROANS]
[SHANNON]
Shh.
Alright. alright.
let me have a look.
[ELLIOT YELLS]
- Oh. shit!
OK. OK. OK...
Uh... towels. towels.
Towels. Mum.
No. uh... what?
Shit. Mum! Towels!
Towels. Mum. towels!
- Oh...
Jacqueline. here.
- Stay with me. yeah?
Yeah...
- Just stay with me.
Hold him.
[ELLIOT GROANS]
Right. I'm going to need a knife
or some kind of pliers.
Sean. hold him.
Sean... Sean. come!
Give him something
to bite down on.
Open your mouth.
[SHANNON]
Don't you dare leave me!
Shannon. hold them steady!
Alright. have the towels ready.
[MARIAN]
Uh. got 'em.
[JACQUELINE] Oh. shit...
- [MUFFLED YELLS]
[JACQUELINE]
OK. OK. OK. alright...
Elliot. I've got it.
- [ELLIOT YELLS]
[JACQUELINE] That's it.
- [ELLIOT YELLS AND GASPS]
[JACQUELINE]
Put pressure on it.
The towels. Sean!
[ELLIOT YELLS]
[SEAN]
It's OK. That's it. that's it.
[JACQUELINE]
Elliot...
[ELLIOT YELLS]
Oh. God! No!
[JACQUELINE]
Shh. shh. It's OK.
Samuel. Samuel!
Dad?
[MUFFLED SOUND]
Danny?
Daddy!
No. no. look at me!
Look at me. darling.
that's a good boy.
Come on. let's go into the other
room. That's a good boy.
That's it.
Come on. darling.
let's go in here.
That's a good boy.
Oh. my God. Uh...
No. no. no. look at me.
Look at me.
Come on. Um...
No. no. let's go. uh...
No. no. no. Don't.
- Sorry. Mum...
Billy. for fuck's sake!
Oh. my God.
Billy... Oh. Jesus. fuck!
Um... upstairs.
let's go upstairs!
It's alright.
[JACQUELINE]
Elliot. stay with me!
Come on! Come on. Elliot!
[INDISTINCT CLAMOUR]
[SHE PANTS]
[TYRES SQUEAL]
[JACQUELINE]
Come on. Elliot. Stay with us!
Elliot. Elliot. Elliot.
listen to me.
Elliot. can you hear me?
[SHE ROARS]
- [GUNSHOT]
[INDISTINCT MUTTER]
Who's doing this to us. Ed?
[ED]
We will fix this.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-